Each Student must do 2 presentations, 10-15 minutes in length, 
with an intro-body-conclusion format (Tell them what you are going to tell them, tell them, then tell them what you told them)
You can only choose at most one topic from a category (e.g. you can't do Kanban AND Crystal).
Put your Name (first and last) next to the topic you choose. 
No more than 2 students can choose the same topic. 
You can not remove someone's name from a topic. If you want it and it already has 2 students associated with it, then
you can team up with someone and co-present: if you do team up, the presentation must be 15-20 minutes in length and each person must do ~50% of the presentation


Lifecycle Models and Process
1.	Kanban (Software Development)	- Ben Smith, Chris Fraser
2.	Crystal (Software Development)	- Gabriel Ramos
3.	Team Software Process and Personal Software Process - Kinslee Hammonds
4.a.	Build Automation - Jesse Arnold, Marisa Oliver
4.b. 	CI/CD Pipeline - 
5. Source Constrol - Elisha Glass 

Project Management and Professional Practice
5.	Risk Management		        - Kincaid Young, Kinslee Hammonds & Brittany Calixto
6.	Software Complexity Metrics	-
7.	Formal Methods			- 
8.	Cleanroom Software Engineering - Jesse Arnold
9.	Microsoft Project - Caleb Hammond, Jake Eggleston
10.	Software Engineering Licensing - Matthew Lockard

Software Architectures and Tools
11.	Service-Oriented Architecture - Gabriel Ramos
12.	Infrastructure as a Service	- Kincaid Young, Elainna Peay
13.	Platform as a Service	- 
14.	Docker  - Maxwell Key, Ben Smith
15.	Ansible - Steven Errett
16.	Jenkins	- Michael Ng, Megan Toth
17.	Splunk (for DevOps) - Brittany Calixto
18.	Selenium - Jake Eggleston (https://youtu.be/4mpW9qHkB6o : Done), Khanh Pham
19.	AppDynamics - 

Development Paradigms and Testing
20.	Test-Driven Development - Michael Ng (https://youtu.be/ZeBwvD4kRks : Done), Megan Toth
21.	Behavior Driven Development - Khanh Pham
22.	Feature Driven Development - Elainna Peay
23.	Dependency Injection - Steven Errett

AI in SE
24. AI for code completion - Elisha Glass, Chris Fraser
25. AI for code creation (where the AI writes all the code) - Caleb Hammond, Chris Fraser
26. AI for code analysis - Matthew Lockard, Marisa Oliver
